You've already produced a PowerPoint. I think it's already on actually. I don't know if this thing works. I've plugged it in the back. Okay, right. Well, this is the kick-off meeting for our project. This is just what we're going to be doing over the next 25 minutes. First of all, just to make sure that we all know each other, I'm Laura and I'm the project manager. Do you want to introduce yourself again? Hi, I'm David and I'm supposed to be an industrial designer. Okay. I'm Andrew and I'm a marketing expert. I'm Greg and I'm a huge interface. Great. Okay. So we're designing a new remote control. Oh, I have to record who's here actually. So that's David, Andrew and Craig. And you're arrived on time. Yeah, so design a new remote control. As you can see, it's supposed to be original, trendy and user friendly. So that's kind of our brief. And so there are three different stages to the design. I'm not really sure what you guys have already received in your emails. What did you get? I just got the project and that's it. Yeah, that's it. Is that what everybody got? Okay. So we're going to have like individual work and then a meeting about it. And repeat that process three times. And at this point you get to try out the whiteboard over there. So you get to draw your favorite animal and sum up your favorite characteristics of it. So who would like to go first? I will go. Very good. All right. So this one here, right? Mm-hmm. Okay. Very nice. All right. My favorite animal is like a beagle. Favorite characteristics of it? Is that right? Yeah. Right. Well, basically, high priority for any animal for me is that they be willing to take a lot of physical affection from their family. Yeah. And they have lots of personality and be fit and in robust good health. So this is blue. Blue beagle. My family's beagle. Right. Lovely. My favorite animal would be a monkey. My favorite animal would be a monkey. Yeah. Nice. Nice. You can take as long over this as you like because we haven't got an awful lot to discuss. Oh, cool. We do. We do. Don't feel like you're in a rush anyway. Okay. I actually told you a whole lot more about beagles. Okay, too. Well, we might have to get you up again. I don't know what mine is. I'm going to have to think on the spot now. Impressionist. Is that a whale? Yeah. Yeah. Well, my... I don't know. It's just the first animal I can think of off the top of my head. I guess the big reason is because I'm allergic to most animals. I'm allergic to animals first. So, fish was a natural choice. Yeah. And I kind of like whales. You can come in and look. You can do everything in sight. They're quite palmless and mild and interesting. Okay. I still don't know what I'm going to write about. Superb sketch, by the way. I'm just going to choose a dog as well. But I'll just draw a different kind of dog. Yeah. My favourite animal is my own dog at home. That doesn't really look like him, actually. He looks more like a pig, actually. Oh, wow. I see a dog in there. Do you? Oh, that's very good of you. Now I see a rooster. What kind is it? He's a mixture of various things. And what do I like about him? That's good to suggest that his tail wags. He's very friendly and cheery and always pleased to see you. And very kind of affectionate. He's quite wee as well. So, you know, he doesn't take up too much space. He does a funny thing where he chases his tail as well. This is quite amusing. Is he aware that it's his own tail that he's chasing? It is, I think it is. He only does it after he's had his dinner. He'll just all of a sudden get up and start chasing his tail. He's around the living room. Probably when he was little he got lots of attention for doing it. He's forever been conditioned. Maybe. Where did you find this? It's just down here. Okay. What are we doing next? Okay. We now need to discuss the project finance. So according to the brief we're going to be selling this remote control for €25 and we're aiming to make €15 million. So we're going to be selling this on an international scale and we don't want it to cost any more than €12.50 so 50% of the selling price. Can we just go over that again? Sure. So basically all right so cost like production cost is €12.50 but selling price is is that wholesale or retail like on the shelf? I don't know. I imagine that's a good question. Our sale. Our sale. I imagine it probably is our sale actually because it's probably up to the retailer to sell it for whatever price they want. But I don't know. I mean do you think the fact that it's going to be sold internationally will have a bearing on how we design it at all? Yeah. I think it will. Right away I'm wondering if there's like the DVD players if there are zones Oh yeah regions and stuff frequencies or something as well as characters different keypad styles and symbols. Yeah. Well for remote control do you think that would be I suppose it depends on how complicated our remote control is. It does make sense when maybe the design kind of do because you have more complicated characters that you have your language and you need more buttons. Yeah. Okay. And then the other thing international on the topic of price I'm thinking the price might might appeal to a certain market in one region whereas in another it would be different. Just like in terms of the wealth of the country like how much money people have to spend on things like or just like basic product positioning the 25 euro remote control might be a big hit in London might not be such a big hit in Greece. Who knows? I see it. Yeah. Marketing. Good marketing thoughts. Oh gosh I should be writing all this down. Right away I'm making some kind of assumptions about what information we're given here thinking okay trendy probably means something other than just basic something other than just standard so I'm wondering right away selling 25 euros is that sort of is this going to be like the premium product? Yeah yeah like how much does you know a remote control cost? Well 25 euro I mean that's that's about like 18 pounds or something isn't it? Or no is it as much as that? 16, 17, 18 pounds? Yeah I don't know I've never bought a remote control so I don't know how good a remote control that would get you but yeah I suppose it has to look kind of cool and gimmicky okay does anybody have anything to add to the finance issue at all? Do we have any other background information on like how that compares to other no actually that would be useful though wouldn't it if you knew like what your money would get you yeah interesting thing about discussing production of remote control for me is that as you point out I just don't think remote control is being something something people consciously assess in their purchasing habits it's just like getting shoelaces with shoes or something five minutes to end of meeting oh okay we're a bit behind you know what I mean like sort of like how do you I mean one way looking at it would be well the people producing television sets maybe they have to buy remote controls or another way is maybe people who have TV sets are really fed up with their remote control and they really want a better one or something my experience when I bought remote controls because they got fed up of having four or five different remote controls which right right so how many devices do you control right so in function one of the priorities might be to combine as many uses right so do you think that should be like a main design aim of remote control you know your satellite and your regular tally and your VCR and everything well like maybe what we could use as a sort of like an example of a successful other piece of technology is palm palm pilots they're going from being just like little sort of scribble boards to cameras mp3 players telephones everything agenda so like I wonder if we might add something new to the to the remote control market such as the lighting in your house notes or or even like you know notes about what you want to watch like you might put in there oh I want to watch such and such and that's a good idea so extra functionalities yeah like personally for me at home I've I've combined the audio video of my television set and my DVD player and my CD player so they all work actually function together but I have different remote controls for each of them so it's sort of ironic that in their in their you know the sound and everything it's just one system but each one's got its own little okay I'm gonna have to wrap up pretty quickly in the last couple of minutes I'll just check if nothing else okay so anything else anybody wants to add about what they don't like about remote controls they've used what they would really like to be part of this new one at all you keep losing them okay you get those ones where you can if you like whistle or make really high-pitched noise they beep yeah I mean is that something we'd want to include do you think I remember when the first remote control my my family had was on a cable actually the cable between the TV and big like buttons that sort of like like on a blender or something and you know when I think about what they are now it's better but actually it's still kind of I don't know a massive junkie thing on the table maybe we could think about how it could be more you know streamlined maybe like a touch screen or something something like that yeah or whatever would be technologically reasonable okay it could be that functionally that doesn't make it any better but that just the appeal of not having you know these days things in people's homes are becoming more and more like chic you know nicer materials and might be worth exploring right well so just to wrap up the next meeting is going to be in 30 minutes so that's about about 10 to 12 by my watch so in between now and then as the industrial designer you're going to be working on you know the actual working design of it so you know what you're doing there for our user interface technical functions I guess that's you know like what we've been talking about what it'll actually do and and marketing executive you'll be just thinking about what it actually what you know what requirements it has to has to fulfill and you'll get instructions emailed to you I guess okay um yeah so it's the functional design stage is next and uh and that's the end of the meeting so I got that little message a lot sooner than I thought I would so before we wrap up just to make sure we're all on the same page here um do we we're given sort of an example of a coffee machine or something right well um are we right now on the assumption that our television remote control may have features which go beyond the television or are we keeping sort of like a design commitment to television features okay well just very quickly because we're supposed to finish now um I guess that's up to us I mean you probably want some kind of unique selling point of it okay so um you know okay yeah okay okay yeah okay right okay well that's that's the end meeting then um thank you all for coming good I hope that was what they wanted us to do right great how do you turn this thing off is it function and oh there it is them Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
